God made machine language; all the rest is the work of man. 
Hackers have kernel knowledge. 
Failure is not an option. It comes bundled with the software. 
If God had intended Man to program, we would be born with serial I/O ports.
Keyboard: The standard way to generate computer errors. 
If it was easy, the hardware people would take care of it. 
If it's not in the computer, it doesn't exist. ". 
Don't stop at one bug. 
Program to an interface, not an implementation. 
Replace repetitive expressions by calls to a common function. 
Smart data structures and dumb code works a lot better than vice versa.
Divide your time evenly to keep others happy. 
Do not overtax your powers. 
Don't despair; your ideal lover is waiting for you around the corner. 
Stop searching forever. Happiness is just next to you. 
Take time in life to smell the rabbits, eat the flowers, and pet the cactus. 
There will be big changes for you but you will be happy. 
Value useful qualities in one who loves you. 
Your business will go through a period of considerable expansion. 
Your depth of comprehension might tend to make you lax in worldly ways. 
Enjoy life; you could have been a barnacle. 
Enough research will tend to support your theory. 
A paperless office has about as much chance as a paperless bathroom. 
A successful tool is used to do something undreamed of by its author.
Show your affection, which will probably meet with pleasant response. 
Show your appreciation for your lover by surprising him/her with a small gift. 
Someone close to you is taking advantage of your trust. 
Someone is enthusiastic about your work. 
The number of UNIX installations has grown to 10, with more expected.
You will be traveling and coming into a fortune. 
You will get what you deserve. 
You will have a long-term stimulation relative to business. 
Your present plans will be successful. 
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
The only things that come out of meetings, are people. 
The time is right to make new friends. 
Your business will go through a period of considerable expansion. 
Your depth of comprehension might tend to make you lax in worldly ways. 
Your love life will be happy and harmonious. 
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of new developments. 
A gift of flower will soon be made to you. 
A nickel ain't worth a anymore dime Yogi Berra 
A visit to a fresh place will bring strange work. 
A visit to a strange place will bring fresh work. 
All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly. 
His heart was yours from the first moment that you met. 
Hold tight to your dreams. 
A successful tool is used to do something undreamed of by author its Samuel Johnson 
Abstraction is achieved by data hiding and enforced by encapsulation. 
Bad tools result in bad software. .  
